feat(data): add DataStore 'Advanced Workflows' section; add Custom Primary Key docs (#4452)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/data-modeling.mdx

}
```

> ### Relational models with custom primary keys

Author: @renebrandel - this is new, could you have a look? Thanks!

Author: Discussed offline, @AaronZyLee has [a PR](https://github.com/aws-amplify/docs/pull/4532) out to update this section.

type Comment {
  commentId: ID!
  content: String!
  createdAt: AWSDateTime!
  updatedAt: AWSDateTime!
  postCommentsPostId: ID # auto generated parent primary key reference
  postCommentsTitle: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}
```
Input fields:
```graphql
input CreateCommentInput {
  commentId: ID!
  content: String!
  postCommentsPostId: ID # auto generated parent primary key reference
  postCommentsTitle: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}

input UpdateCommentInput {
  commentId: ID!
  content: String!
  postCommentsPostId: ID # auto generated parent primary key reference
  postCommentsTitle: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}
```
</Block>

</BlockSwitcher>

You can also customize the foreign key fields instead of the auto-generated ones in the schema by defining the **explicit `fields`**  argument in relation directives.

<Callout>
The order of the elements in the value of `fields` argument matters. The first element should always be the primary key of the relational model. And remaining elements should match the `sortKeyFields` specified in the `@primaryKey` directive of the relational model.
</Callout>

<Callout>

> When define explicit "has many" relation, the "@index" should be also defined on the child type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When defining an explicit "has many" relation, the "@index" should be also defined on the child type.
```

<Callout>
The order of the elements in the value of `fields` argument matters. The first element should always be the primary key of the relational model. And remaining elements should match the `sortKeyFields` specified in the `@primaryKey` directive of the relational model.
</Callout>

<Callout>
When defining an explicit "has many" relation, the "@index" should be also defined on the child type.
</Callout>

<BlockSwitcher>

<Block name='Explicit Bi-directional "has one"'>

```graphql
type Project @model {
  projectId: ID! @primaryKey(sortKeyFields:["name"])
  name: String!
  team: Team @hasOne(fields:["teamId", "teamName"])
  teamId: ID # customized foreign key for child primary key
  teamName: String # customized foreign key for child sort key
}

type Team @model {
  teamId: ID! @primaryKey(sortKeyFields:["name"])
  name: String!
  project: Project @belongsTo(fields:["projectId", "projectName"])
  projectId: ID # customized foreign key for parent primary key
  projectName: String # customized foreign key for parent sort key
}
```

> This will result in the following built AppSync schema .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will result in the following built AppSync schema.
```
